Gumby Framework (on Rails)
==========================

This is a simple example rails app with a working [http://gumbyframework.com](http://gumbyframework.com) installation.

Click on the "GRID" and "UI" links on top menu to switch between the two example pages.

In order to customize Gumby you can directly modify app/assets/stylesheets/gumby files,
but I prefer to override them in the separate folder app/assets/stylesheets/mygumby.

Put in app/assets/stylesheets/mygumby/_vars.scss your overrides of app/assets/stylesheets/gumby/var/_settings.scss values.
Put in app/assets/stylesheets/mygumby/_style.scss your css styles.



**MIT Open Source License**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.